Adding changelog (#416)
openedx/edx-organizations: CHANGELOG.rst

Change Log
----------

..

>    All enhancements and patches to openedx_filters will be documented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   All enhancements and patches to edx-organizations will be documented
```
